
todo:
. bumpy floor terrain.
  . generated floor-map
  . never more than one unit high.  blocks embedded.
. small temple
. priest/bishop that tries to beat you with a staff when time is up.
. shoot
. shoot at boss
. shoot at other player
. add textures to blocks
. soundtrack

notes:
. shoot
 . Projectile
  . FastProjectile  - left button
  . HeavyProjectile - right button (or shift and left)
    . calculate bounding box and bounding grid of Shapes, test projectile intersections
. shoot at other player
 . basic client/server networking

 ---
 holden:

 . coins
 . cuttlefish model
 . ability to give the cuttlefish, or other creature, a tongue or appendage that moves independently

 ---
 . ritual
  . two gods and you
   . they are both angry with you, unless you worship one.
     . then the one defends you against the other, for a little while.
     . cuttlefish god.
       . give coins to the cuttlefish to make him happy.
       . rings (torus's) also (rings/ritual relationship)
       . do cuttlefish have ritualistic behavior?  mating ritual?
       . cuttlefish god up above alter to the cuttlefish (a wishing well?).
       . you have to collect rings/coins quickly, and put them in the the well
         (Coventina - goddess of wells and springs - name for the cuttlefish god? most ancient wishing well)
	. put coins and rings in well in specific order to make goddess happy.
	  . if you don't, her boyfriend hunts and tries to kill you?
	  . if you make her happy, she gives you her sperm sack to put on a blade of grass.
	  . perform task three times to win, within 2 minutes
	. time: 2 minutes to complete task.
	. 30 second countdown before boyfriend starts attacking.
	. five health - if he hits you five times, you die.
 	. Coventina's Well:
	  . a spring in a rectangular basin, 2.6m x 2.4m in the center of a walled enclosure,
           11.6m x 12.2m within a wall 0.9m thick.  Archaelogists discovered 13487 coins in the well,
	   from Mark Anthony to Gratian...

  CubeMap:
  . 1-999: cube, 1000: coin, 2000: ring
  . one vector for coins, one for rings.

 ---

 . explain game in once sentence.
 . complete game session (achieve goal or fail) in less than 2 minutes.
 . Don't forget the sound!
 . Sound and music is often overlooked in jam games, but it is an integral
 component and greatly affects the perception of quality.
 . "To come up with an idea to fit the THEME: write down the first five things
 that come to mind, then toss 'em!"
 . Key qualities that the most popular jam games have: humor, simple graphics,
 simple controls (easy to pick up and play)
 . Concentrate on the important parts of your game: movement, controls, a way
 to "die", triggering a "win" state, the "feel".
 . Save time: instead of hand-crafted levels, use procedural generation
(fractals, random, etc.)
 . What's obvious to you isn't to your players: get friends to playtest. Did
 they "get it" immediately?



